                                                      Meet Ukraine Today

Purpose:
This site is intended to introduce foreigners to Ukraine. With Google Maps, they browse our country's landmarks, 
post reviews, view photos, and bookmark the places they want to visit.

Features:
View landmarks of Ukraine, post reviews, view photos, and bookmark the places they want to visit.
Storing all the bookmark activitity history.

Administrator:  This user is responsible for managing the system.
User: This user is a person who can view landmarks, post reviews, view photos, and bookmark the places they want to visit.
Logical entities: Users, Ratings, PlaceComments, Addresses, Photos, Places, SavedPlaces.

Business logic:
•	Places – objects that are marked on the map. They are characterized by an ID and their own unique name.
•	Users -  can save places to its own bookmark for later viewing and can leave rating.

Tables and their description:
•	Users – a table that contains information about a registered user (FirstName, LastName, UserLogin, UserPassword, E-mail).

•	Rating – a table that contains user rating (from 0 to 10) about a visited place.

•	PlaceComments – a table that contains comments from users about the place.

•	Address – a table that contains a detailed location address about the place (City, Street, Building).

•	Photos – a table that contains information about a photo (the date the photo was created and the URL).

•	Places – a table that contains place information - name and coordinates (longitude and latitude).

•	SavedPlaces – a table that contains the places the user saved.

Processes:
Administrator:
1.	Adding new places
2.	Removing places
3.	Adding new photos
4.	Delete a photo
User:
1.	Adding ratings to a place 
2.	Bookmark places
3.	Adding comments


                                                    Meet Ukraine Today
                                                    
Наш сайт допоможе іноземним туристам краще пізнати Україну. За допомогою підібраних нами місць та відзначених на карті Google 
вони можуть переглядати визначні місця нашої країни, додавати до закладок місця, які б вони хотіли відвідати, 
переглядати фото та залишати відгуки про відвідані місця.

Опис предметної області:
                  Логічні сутності: Користувачі, Рейтинг, Коментарі, Адреси, Фото, Місця, Збережені місця.
                  
Бізнес логіка:
• Місця - об’єкти, які позначені на карті. Характеризуються ID та власною унікальною назвою. 
• Користувач - може зберігати місця у власний список для подальшого перегляду та може ставити оцінку (рейтинг).

Таблиці та їх опис:
●    Users - таблиця, яка містить інформацію про зареєстрованого користувача (ім’я, прізвище, E-mail, логін, пароль).
●    Rating -  таблиця, яка містить оцінку користувача (від 0 до 10) про відвідане місце
●    PlaceComments - таблиця, яка містить коментарі залишені користувачами про місце
●    Address - таблиця, яка містить в собі детальну адресу місця (місто, вулицю і номер будинку).
●    Photos - таблиця, яка містить в собі інформацію про фото (дата створення фотографії та URL адреса).
●    Places - таблиця, яка містить інформацію про місце - назву та координати (довгота та широта).
●     SavedPlaces - таблиця, яка містить  місця збережені користувачем.

Процеси:

Адміністратор:
1. Додавання нових місць
2. Видалення місць
3. Додавання нових фото
4. Видалення фото

Користувач:
1. Додавання оцінок відвіданому місцю
2. Додавання до закладок місць
3. Додавання коментарів
 
